doc: added release note for map 20.10.7 (#1202)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/releases/centreon-commercial-extensions.md

## Centreon MAP

### 20.10.7

Release date: `December 16, 2021`

#### Bugfixes 

- A simple link can now be created between a container and a view

#### Enhancements

> - All images are now stored on Centreon Central server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All images are now stored on the Centreon Central server
```

> - All images uploaded to Centreon Map Desktop are not stored on Centreon Central server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All images uploaded to Centreon Map Desktop are now stored on the Centreon Central server
```
